What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When I initialize a repository using git init, a hidden directory called .git will
be created so I can start creating commits.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
The staging area keeps what changes you want to move from your directory to the
repository as a commit. You can do that using git add.
And it helps in grouping changes you want to save in one commit, and also you can
revise what you have added to the staging area before commit-ing it if you want
to change it before.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
You can use git diff to see the changes you have made to the staging area, and
you can use git diff --staged to see the differences between the master (in the
repository)and the staging area. You then use git add if you want to add more
changing to the staging area or to commit what you already have in it. You also
can clear the staging area if you decided not to commit these changes using
git reset.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
If you working with other people then it is better to create a branch to work on
it and then when you check it and it is working properly and you have discussed
those changes with the team you can then merge the branch with the master, otherwise
you can delete the branch as nothing has happened.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
It helps to show how to reach a specific commit.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
The result will be a new commit with two parents where you can reach from that commit
all other commits from both branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
Git's automatic merging will absolutely save a lot of time, but at the same time
it is not smart enough when there is a conflict to decide which code to keep and
which to get rid of, so you have to do it manually and decide how you want your
program to work and how to solve the conflict.
